log-type :Critical.Error.Critical
log-type :Error.Error.Critical
log-type :Warning.Error.Warning
log-type :Warning.Error.Warning
log-type :Info.Error.Info
log-type :Info.Error.Warning
log-type :Warning.Error.Critical
log-type :Warning.Error.Critical
log-type :Error.Error.Warning
log-type :Warning.Error.Warning
log-type :Info.Error.Warning
log-type :Info.Info.Critical
log-type :Info.Info.Critical
log-type :Info.Critical.Info
log-type :Info.Warning.Info
log-type :Info.Critical.Critical
log-type :Info.Error.Error
log-type :Info.Error.Info
log-type :Info.Error.Warning
log-type :Info.Info.Warning
log-type :Info.Info.Critical
log-type :Info.Error.Info
log-type :Info.Error.Warning
log-type :Info.Critical.Critical
